---
title: Terms & Conditions
seo:
  title: Terms and Conditions
  description: This is the terms and conditions page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Terms and Conditions
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the terms and conditions page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Terms and Conditions
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the terms and conditions page
layout: page
---
TipsyTiger Club is a collection of digital artworks running on the Ethereum network via non-fungible tokens(NFTs). TipsyTigerClub.com is only a visual interface to allow users to acquire the digital artworks. Users are responsible for the safety and management of their own Ethereum wallet and validating all transactions and contracts related and generated by TipsyTigerClub.com before approval. Also be aware that, since our TipsyTiger Club smart contract runs on the Ethereum network, it is not possible to undo, reverse or restore any transactions. TipsyTigerClub.com and its connected services are provided “as is” and “as available” without warranty of any kind. By using TipsyTigerClub.com you are accepting sole responsibility for any and all transactions involving TipsyTiger Club digital artworks.

## OWNERSHIP

i. The user that is buying and minting our TipsyTiger Club artwork is the owner of the Non-Fungible Token (NFT) crated by validating the transaction. Each TipsyTiger is an NFT on the Ethereum blockchain. When you purchase an NFT, you own all the rights to the underlying TipsyTiger. Ownership of the NFT is mediated entirely and only by the Smart Contract and the Ethereum Network which means that, at no point, may we seize, freeze, or otherwise modify the ownership of any TipsyTiger. ii. Personal Use. Subject to your continued compliance with these Terms, TipsyTigerClub.com grants you a worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, and display the purchased TipsyTiger(s), along with any extensions that you choose to create or use, solely for the following purposes: (i) for your own personal, non-commercial use; (ii) as part of a marketplace that permits the purchase and sale of your TipsyTiger NFT, provided that the marketplace cryptographically verifies each TipsyTiger owner’s rights to display the TipsyTiger and ensures that only the actual owner can display the TipsyTiger; or (iii) as part of a third-party website or application that permits the inclusion, involvement, or participation of your TipsyTiger, provided that the website/application cryptographically verifies each TipsyTiger owner’s rights to display the TipsyTiger and ensures that only the actual owner can display the TipsyTiger, and provided that the TipsyTiger is no longer visible once the owner of the TipsyTiger leaves the website/application. iii. Commercial Use. Subject to your continued compliance with these Terms, TipsyTigerClub.com grants you an unlimited, worldwide license to use, copy, and display the purchased TipsyTiger for the purpose of creating derivative works based upon the TipsyTiger (“Commercial Use”). Examples of such Commercial Use would be the use of the TipsyTiger to produce and sell merchandise products (T-Shirts etc.) displaying copies of the TipsyTiger. For the sake of clarity, nothing in this Section will be deemed to restrict you from (i) owning or operating a marketplace that permits the use and sale of TipsyTiger generally, provided that the marketplace cryptographically verifies each TipsyTiger owner’s rights to display the TipsyTiger and ensures that only the actual owner can display the TipsyTiger; (ii) owning or operating a third-party website or application that permits the inclusion, involvement, or participation of TipsyTiger generally, provided that the third-party website or application cryptographically verifies each TipsyTiger owner’s rights to display the TipsyTiger and ensures that only the actual owner can display the TipsyTiger, and provided that the TipsyTiger is no longer visible once the owner of the Purchased TipsyTiger leaves the website/application; or (iii) earning revenue from any of the foregoing.

## TESLA GIVEAWAY

When you hold the first 2000 TipsyTiger, you automatically get a chance to win a 2021 Tesla Model 3. The winner can choose between a 2021 Tesla Model 3 at a maximum listed price of $45,000 US dollars or $45,000 US dollars worth of ETH. The winner will be decided by a draw that the TipsyTiger Club Team will make 72 hours after the collection is sold out. One minted TipsyTiger from the first 2000 NFTs of the collection is equal to one chance to win the draw. The draw will only happen if the collection of 8000 TipsyTiger is sold out. If the total of 8000 TipsyTigers is not sold entirely, there won’t be a draw and nobody will win the prize. Depending on the region of the winner and other factors, we reserve the right to pay the raffle prize in ETH and not buy and send a 2021 Tesla Model 3 to the winner. The winner of the draw will need to give the TipsyTiger Club team his Metamask wallet address in order for us to make the payment.
